README.md, before:

# code-snippets
DevOps Tools for Java Developers resources and examples

Code snippets are organized by book chapter.

---

### DevOps Tools for Java Developers Visitor Log

Add your own visitor comment below. Detailed exercise in Chapter 4.


Stephen Chin ([@steveonjava](https://twitter.com/steveonjava)): Every developer should learn how to do DevOps!

Overmellow (@notwitter): Seconded!

Vishal Agrawal ([@vishalcool88](https://twitter.com/vishalagrawal_)): Learning DevOps tools for Java Developers

Joseph TAMO ([@TamalJoseph](https://twitter.com/tamaljoseph)) : I'm learning how to do DevOps!

Svippa: DevOps and beyond!

Ahmed Aziz ([@AA_ziz](https://twitter.com/AA_ziz)): DevOps is just a fancy term for ownership

Yuxh:(@no_twitter):My Visitor comment

Alexander Frolov: I have managed to reach Chpater 2 out. Not every book can bring me so far. Thanks guys. Very appreciate your effort.

Joseph : Every developer should learn how to do DevOps!

MovieGoer (@SWETwitter) : Completed this exercise

Etienne: Java certified since 2001, just checking out what the cool kids are up to ;)

Super Zen: Great book!

Lagom Peter: Many Devops tools for java developers!

Aaron MAJAMBO (@majambo) : Added my own comments

Shiva P B: Learning the foundation of DevOps!

Víctor Orozco ([@tuxtor](https://twitter.com/tuxtor)): Great work team!, this is the most interesting book intro I've seen so far. I'll happily write my review when finished

Marcin Napierala: just comment

Dawit Wondim: Awesome Book! Thanks for helping me become a better software engineer. 

Henry Osei ([@henryosei](https://github.com/henryosei/)) : Devops tools for Java Developers, a good book for getting started for java developers in devops

FullMoon: Started reading..

RRVIber: Hello DevOps?

BSL: ikasten! 

jinsungKim: Devops tools for java developers!

Chanyoung (@notwitter) : devops! let's go!

METAMI: HELLO DEVOPS!

Drafighter ([@ChajeongYong](https://twitter.com/ChajeongYong)) : My First Exercise, Thank you for your help!

JunHyeong Kim(instagram : @junhyeong_daily) : great book !!!

Arron KIM (@notwitter): my own comments

Jean-Paul: DevOps not only for Java, I hope!

Billy Nader ([@Nabil Nader](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nabilnader/)): Backend developer

Hyunjun KWON : This is a Great book for Java developers who want to learn how to do DevOps.  

Exercise done!
Gaurav : Deveops Tools

BLIGHTK: GREAKT BOOK

jc : Add comment

hankug (@none) : git request / exercise finish

Ruxandra (@RPalmtag): readings on a rainy day

AndyLee: DevOps great!

Игор: Одлична књига!

DaLei Sun ([@sundalei](https://twitter.com/sundalei)): Great book for Java Developers to learn DevOps best practice.

Dan: Booyah!

Vinayak Karigar: Ready to learn Devops tools

Si Dunn (@grumblecore) : Very helpful book. Glad I found it. Thanks!

Chandrakant: Great Book

Good job!

Virtoria Kazakova - haven't got twitter:(
Thanks for book!

Captain BAB: Make it so!

Gaurav : Testing
---

Commit message:

add visitor log by Ahmed Araby

README.md, after:

# code-snippets
DevOps Tools for Java Developers resources and examples

Code snippets are organized by book chapter.

---

### DevOps Tools for Java Developers Visitor Log

Add your own visitor comment below. Detailed exercise in Chapter 4.


Stephen Chin ([@steveonjava](https://twitter.com/steveonjava)): Every developer should learn how to do DevOps!

Overmellow (@notwitter): Seconded!

Vishal Agrawal ([@vishalcool88](https://twitter.com/vishalagrawal_)): Learning DevOps tools for Java Developers

Joseph TAMO ([@TamalJoseph](https://twitter.com/tamaljoseph)) : I'm learning how to do DevOps!

Svippa: DevOps and beyond!

Ahmed Aziz ([@AA_ziz](https://twitter.com/AA_ziz)): DevOps is just a fancy term for ownership

Yuxh:(@no_twitter):My Visitor comment

Alexander Frolov: I have managed to reach Chpater 2 out. Not every book can bring me so far. Thanks guys. Very appreciate your effort.

Joseph : Every developer should learn how to do DevOps!

MovieGoer (@SWETwitter) : Completed this exercise

Etienne: Java certified since 2001, just checking out what the cool kids are up to ;)

Super Zen: Great book!

Lagom Peter: Many Devops tools for java developers!

Aaron MAJAMBO (@majambo) : Added my own comments

Shiva P B: Learning the foundation of DevOps!

Víctor Orozco ([@tuxtor](https://twitter.com/tuxtor)): Great work team!, this is the most interesting book intro I've seen so far. I'll happily write my review when finished

Marcin Napierala: just comment

Dawit Wondim: Awesome Book! Thanks for helping me become a better software engineer. 

Henry Osei ([@henryosei](https://github.com/henryosei/)) : Devops tools for Java Developers, a good book for getting started for java developers in devops

FullMoon: Started reading..

RRVIber: Hello DevOps?

BSL: ikasten! 

jinsungKim: Devops tools for java developers!

Chanyoung (@notwitter) : devops! let's go!

METAMI: HELLO DEVOPS!

Drafighter ([@ChajeongYong](https://twitter.com/ChajeongYong)) : My First Exercise, Thank you for your help!

JunHyeong Kim(instagram : @junhyeong_daily) : great book !!!

Arron KIM (@notwitter): my own comments

Jean-Paul: DevOps not only for Java, I hope!

Billy Nader ([@Nabil Nader](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nabilnader/)): Backend developer

Hyunjun KWON : This is a Great book for Java developers who want to learn how to do DevOps.  

Exercise done!
Gaurav : Deveops Tools

BLIGHTK: GREAKT BOOK

jc : Add comment

hankug (@none) : git request / exercise finish

Ruxandra (@RPalmtag): readings on a rainy day

AndyLee: DevOps great!

Игор: Одлична књига!

DaLei Sun ([@sundalei](https://twitter.com/sundalei)): Great book for Java Developers to learn DevOps best practice.

Dan: Booyah!

Vinayak Karigar: Ready to learn Devops tools

Si Dunn (@grumblecore) : Very helpful book. Glad I found it. Thanks!

Chandrakant: Great Book

Good job!

Virtoria Kazakova - haven't got twitter:(
Thanks for book!

Captain BAB: Make it so!

Ahmed Araby: I prefer to write my comment when I finish the book

Gaurav : Testing
---
